Add documentation for support of AWS SigV4 authorization in Dashboards Data Sources UI (#2942)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _dashboards/discover/multi-data-sources.md

1. Open Dashboards. If you’re not running the security plugin, go to [`http://localhost:5601`](http://localhost:5601/). If you’re running the security plugin, go to [`https://localhost:5601`](https://localhost:5601/) and log in with the username `admin` and password `admin`.

> 1. In the Dashboards console, navigate to **Stack Management** > **Data Sources `Experimental`** > **Data Sources**, and then select **Create data source connection**, as shown in the following image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Dashboards console, under **Management**, choose **Stack Management**. Then choose **Data Sources `Experimental`**, then choose **Data Sources**, and then choose **Create data source connection**, as shown in the following image.
```

Author: Good comment. I want to avoid repeating "choose" for each selection item in the UI. Otherwise, I've changed the suggested language. Let's see what editorial suggests.

    <img src="{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/multi-data-sources-1.png" width=500 alt="Data sources user interface">

1. Add information to each field to configure **Connection Details**, **Endpoint URL**, and **Authentication Method**, as shown in the following image. For this tutorial, the **Endpoint URL** is `http://localhost:5601/app/management/opensearch-dashboards/dataSources`.

    <img src="{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/multi-data-sources-2.png" width=500 alt="Create a data source connection user interface">

>     For **Connection Details**, enter a title for the connection and the endpoint URL used to connect to the data source. A description of the connection is optional. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In **Connection Details**, enter a title for the connection and the endpoint URL used to connect to the data source. A description of the connection is optional. 
```

Author: thumbs up icon here!

    
    For **Authentication Method**, first select the type of authentication:

>     * **No authentication**—No authentication is used to connect to the data source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **No authentication** —No authentication is used to connect to the data source.
```

Author: I know it looks funky here. This is actually an em dash, and it's a little less funky on the website (although still funky). Per style guide:
"An en dash ... do not include spacing on either side. Use an en dash to ... separate a bullet heading from the following text in a list..."

Reviewer 2: It's true that we don't use space on either side of an em dash, but we don't generally use them to separate a list item from the following text. I've changed to use colons.

>     * **No authentication**—No authentication is used to connect to the data source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * **No authentication**: No authentication is used to connect to the data source.
```

>     * **Username & Password**—A basic username and password is used to connect to the data source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **Username & Password** —A basic username and password is used to connect to the data source.
```

Author: Same as previous comment.

>     * **Username & Password**—A basic username and password is used to connect to the data source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * **Username & Password**: A basic username and password are used to connect to the data source.
```

>     * **AWS SigV4**—AWS Signature Version 4 authenticating request is used  to connect. AWS SigV4 requires an access key ID and secret access key. First specify the **Region**, then enter the **Access Key** and **Secret Key** for authorization. For information on available regions for AWS accounts, see [Available Regions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-regions-availability-zones.html#concepts-available-regions). For more on SigV4 authentication requests, see [Authenticating Requests (AWS Signature Version 4)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/sig-v4-authenticating-requests.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * **AWS SigV4** —AWS Signature Version 4 authenticating request is used  to connect. AWS SigV4 requires an access key ID and a secret access key. First specify the **Region**, then enter the **Access Key** and **Secret Key** for authorization. For information on available regions for AWS accounts, see [Available Regions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-regions-availability-zones.html#concepts-available-regions). For more on SigV4 authentication requests, see [Authenticating Requests (AWS Signature Version 4)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/sig-v4-authenticating-requests.html).
```

Author: [thumbs up icon for article "a"]

>     * **AWS SigV4**—AWS Signature Version 4 authenticating request is used  to connect. AWS SigV4 requires an access key ID and a secret access key. First specify the **Region**, then enter the **Access Key** and **Secret Key** for authorization. For information on available regions for AWS accounts, see [Available Regions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-regions-availability-zones.html#concepts-available-regions). For more on SigV4 authentication requests, see [Authenticating Requests (AWS Signature Version 4)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/sig-v4-authenticating-requests.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * **AWS SigV4**: An AWS Signature Version 4 authenticating request is used to connect to the data source. AWS SigV4 requires an access key ID and a secret access key. First specify the **Region**, and then enter the **Access Key** and **Secret Key** for authorization. For information on available Regions for AWS accounts, see [Available Regions](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-regions-availability-zones.html#concepts-available-regions). For more on SigV4 authentication requests, see [Authenticating Requests (AWS Signature Version 4)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/sig-v4-authenticating-requests.html).
```

Reviewer 2: "Region" is always capitalized when referring to an AWS Region.

    
    When you select the authentication method, the applicable fields appear for the selected method. Enter the required details.

>     After all of the required fields have the appropriate details entered, the **Test connection** and **Create data source connection** buttons become active. You can select **Test connection** to confirm the connection is valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    After all of the required fields have the appropriate details entered, the **Test connection** and **Create data source connection** buttons become active. You can choose **Test connection** to confirm the connection is valid.
```

Author: Good

>     After all of the required fields have the appropriate details entered, the **Test connection** and **Create data source connection** buttons become active. You can choose **Test connection** to confirm the connection is valid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    After you have entered the appropriate details in all of the required fields, the **Test connection** and **Create data source connection** buttons become active. You can choose **Test connection** to confirm that the connection is valid.
```

> 1. Select **Create data source connection** to save your settings. The connection is created. The active window returns to the **Data Sources** main page, and the new connection appears in the list of data sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Choose **Create data source connection** to save your settings. The connection is created. The active window returns to the **Data Sources** main page, and the new connection appears in the list of data sources.
```

Author: Good

>     <img src="{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/multi-data-sources-3.png" width=500 alt="Data sources list user interface">

Reviewer 2: Ensure that the image is introduced in the text that precedes it.

Author: The image reflects the "list of data sources" on the **Data Sources** main page.

>     You can also delete the data source connection from this page by selecting the checkbox to the left of the title and then selecting **Delete 1 connection** to the right of the search bar. Selecting multiple checkboxes for multiple connections is also supported.

Reviewer 3: check box / check boxes --> according to style guide (https://github.com/opensearch-project/documentation-website/blob/main/STYLE_GUIDE.md#procedures)

Author: Good

>     You can also delete the data source connection from this page by selecting the checkbox to the left of the title and then selecting **Delete 1 connection** to the right of the search bar. Selecting multiple checkboxes for multiple connections is also supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can also delete the data source connection from this page by selecting the checkbox to the left of the title and then choosing **Delete 1 connection** to the right of the search bar. Selecting multiple checkboxes for multiple connections is also supported.
```

Author: Good

    {: .note }

### Editing and updating a data source connection

> To make changes to the data source connection, choose a connection in the list on the **Data Sources** main page. The connection details window opens, as shown in the following image.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To make changes to the data source connection, select a connection in the list on the **Data Sources** main page. The connection details window opens, as shown in the following image.
```

<img src="{{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/images/multi-data-sources-3.5.png" width=500 alt="Data sources settings verification and editing user interface">

> To make changes to **Connection Details**, edit one or both of the **Title** and **Description** fields and select **Save changes** in the lower right corner of the screen. You can also cancel changes here. To change the **Authentication Method**, select a different authentication method and enter your credentials if applicable, then select **Save changes** in the lower right corner of the screen. The changes are saved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make changes to **Connection Details**, edit one or both of the **Title** and **Description** fields and choose **Save changes**. You can also cancel changes here. To change the **Authentication Method**, select a different authentication method and enter your credentials if applicable, then choose **Save changes**. The changes are saved.
```

> To make changes to **Connection Details**, edit one or both of the **Title** and **Description** fields and choose **Save changes** in the lower right corner of the screen. You can also cancel changes here. To change the **Authentication Method**, choose a different authentication method and enter your credentials if applicable, then choose **Save changes** in the lower right corner of the screen. The changes are saved.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To make changes to **Connection Details**, edit one or both of the **Title** and **Description** fields and choose **Save changes** in the lower-right corner of the screen. You can also cancel changes here. To change the **Authentication Method**, choose a different authentication method, enter your credentials if applicable, and then choose **Save changes** in the lower-right corner of the screen. The changes are saved.
```

> When **Username & Password** is the selected authentication method, you can update the password by selecting **Update stored password** beside the **Password** field. In the popup window, enter a a new password in the first field and then enter it again in the second field to confirm. Select **Update stored password** in the popup window. The new password is saved. Select **Test connection** in the upper right corner of the screen to confirm the connection is valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When **Username & Password** is the selected authentication method, you can update the password by choosing **Update stored password** beside the **Password** field. In the popup window, enter a a new password in the first field and then enter it again in the second field to confirm. Choose **Update stored password** in the popup window. The new password is saved. Choose **Test connection** to confirm the connection is valid.
```

Author: Good

> When **Username & Password** is the selected authentication method, you can update the password by selecting **Update stored password** beside the **Password** field. In the popup window, enter a a new password in the first field and then enter it again in the second field to confirm. Select **Update stored password** in the popup window. The new password is saved. Select **Test connection** in the upper right corner of the screen to confirm the connection is valid.

Reviewer: Does the UI actually use the ampersand? We generally use "and" spelling out. If that's the way it's displayed, then disregard my comment.

Author: Yeah, in the first photo. But I agree with your point.

> When **Username & Password** is the selected authentication method, you can update the password by choosing **Update stored password** beside the **Password** field. In the popup window, enter a a new password in the first field and then enter it again in the second field to confirm. Choose **Update stored password** in the popup window. The new password is saved. Choose **Test connection** in the upper right corner of the screen to confirm the connection is valid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When **Username & Password** is the selected authentication method, you can update the password by choosing **Update stored password** next to the **Password** field. In the pop-up window, enter a a new password in the first field and then enter it again in the second field to confirm. Choose **Update stored password** in the pop-up window. The new password is saved. Choose **Test connection** in the upper-right corner of the screen to confirm that the connection is valid.
```

> When **AWS SigV4** is the selected authentication method, you can update the credentials by selecting **Update stored AWS credential**. In the popup window, enter a new  access key in the first field and a new secret key in the second field. Select **Update stored aws credential** in the popup window. The new credentials are saved. Select **Test connection** in the upper right corner of the screen to confirm the connection is valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When **AWS SigV4** is the selected authentication method, you can update the credentials by choosing **Update stored AWS credential**. In the popup window. Enter a new  access key in the first field and a new secret key in the second field. Choose **Update stored aws credential** in the popup window. The new credentials are saved. Choose **Test connection** to confirm the connection is valid.
```

Author: Good

> When **AWS SigV4** is the selected authentication method, you can update the credentials by choosing **Update stored AWS credential**. In the popup window, enter a new  access key in the first field and a new secret key in the second field. Choose **Update stored aws credential** in the popup window. The new credentials are saved. Choose **Test connection** in the upper right corner of the screen to confirm the connection is valid.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When **AWS SigV4** is the selected authentication method, you can update the credentials by choosing **Update stored AWS credential**. In the pop-up window, enter a new access key in the first field and a new secret key in the second field. Choose **Update stored AWS credential** in the pop-up window. The new credentials are saved. Choose **Test connection** in the upper-right corner of the screen to confirm that the connection is valid.
```

> To delete the data source connection, select the red trash can icon in the upper right corner of the screen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To delete the data source connection, choose the red trash can icon.
```

Author: Good

> To delete the data source connection, choose the red trash can icon in the upper right corner of the screen.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To delete the data source connection, choose the red trash can icon in the upper-right corner of the screen.
```
